SurpriseDog presents a collection of scripts to help you tame those forbidden wildcard `*` imports and clean up your imports.


# Star Namer


Will go through a list of wildcard * imports for a script and replace them with the actual functions to be imported.

For example: `from common import *`

will become: `from common import fuction1, function2, function3...`


Usage: `./star_namer.py module_filename script_filename`

Example: `./star_name.py common.py script_name.py`

Get full help with: `./star_namer.py -h`


----

# Star Wrangler

Do you want to publish a script that imports a couple of functions, but not have to post the full module to get your little script to work? Wouldn't it be nice to only copy the code from the functions you need (and all of their dependencies?

Star Wrangler will scrape through a list of imported modules and generate a .py file containing all of the required code used and do so in the correct order. Then it will examine each function individually so that any dependencies are also copied over. Finally a list of necessary imports are generated at the top.

The way this works is that each section of code is examined with [pylint]( https://www.pylint.org/#install) to see if there are any undefined functions, then it compares that list with the list of all functions in the target module.

Look at `sd/common.py` for an example of this. A code file generated by this very script. If you have multiple modules to copy from, then you can do what I do and create a module called "common" with a bunch of "from mod_name import *..." to tie together multiple modules in one group.


### Usage:

```
  ./star_wrangler.py module_filename script 1 script 2 ...
```

For Example: `./star_wrangler.py sd/common.py *.py`

will run the script on itself, pulling every function used in common.py and generating a new file.

Get help with `./star_wrangler.py -h`

----

# From_to_import.py

Convert a script with: `from modname import function` to `import modname` so you can have lines of code with `modname.function` which is considered to be [more explicit](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/187403/import-module-vs-from-module-import-function) than wondering where each function was declared.


For example, if we have a script with :

```
  from universe import function
  ...
  ...
  ...
  function()
```

It will be converted to:

```
  import universe
  ...
  ...
  ...
  universe.function()
```

Usage: `from_to_import.py script_name modname`

----

Issues that may be fixed later, :

 - [ ] Text alignment issues caused by inserting characters. Comments don't match up anymore.
 - [ ] Special handling for aliased functions. For example: `import quickrun as qrun` doesn't get handled correctly and ends up with `modname.qrun` in the code instead of the actual `modname.quickrun`

If anyone is interested let me know or better yet, sumbit a patch.

# Requirements:

  * [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/#install) - Must be updated to at least version **2.4**

It’s easy to make a mistake and end up with multiple versions of pylint running around the system, so if the script doesn’t work, double check the path for pylint in `shared.py`
